and I know I'm opening myself up to
getting hundreds of very very passionate
comments telling me that I'm very stupid
for this hey guys what's up it's Kelly
again and welcome back to my channel a
few weeks ago I talked to you guys about
some weird habits that my German
boyfriend has and now it is my turn to
talk about my weird American habits that
drive Misha crazy and the first one is
eating and drinking on the go I don't
know if it's just because Americans have
a more rushed lifestyle or we have
longer commutes or we're constantly
doing long road trips but Americans are
always eating and drinking on the go and
I didn't even realize that this was a
weird habit in other countries until I
started dating Misha and we were
traveling around Germany together to go
see different cities and on our several
hour drive I would stop at like a gas
station coffee shop on the side of the
Autobahn to grab some coffee with the
intent of bringing it back into the car
or sipping it while driving somewhere
and Misha would always order for us and
for the first couple trips I didn't
think to tell him to get the coffee to
go because I thought it was normal and
therefore just assumed but as it turns
out it's not normal and therefore it's
not assumed and so Misha was always
getting the coffee to drink there at the
gas station coffee shop instead of to go
and this was just insane to me because I
was like man I just want to get where
we're going like I just want to drink
the coffee in the car but it was equally
insane to him to take the coffee into
the car because he would never eat or
drink in his car and also he looks at
drinking coffee and going out to eat as
like a very social thing and so because
of that there's more formalities
involved for him it's a bit more
structured than what like I'm
accustomed to and we go back and forth
on this sometimes I win and we get the
coffee to go and sometimes Misha wins
and we will say and drink the coffee
instead and actually I didn't think
about this until I started talking what
like this really is a difference between
the US and Germany because I feel like
in the u.s. when you go to a coffee shop
and you order coffee
it is either assumed that you're getting
it in a to-go cup or they will ask if you
want it to go or for here and I had
multiple experiences in Germany of going
to a coffee shop ordering coffee and
they just assumed I wanted to drink it
there and would as a default serve in
an actual mug so the default in Germany
was to sit and default in the u.s. is to
go number two is small talk
Americans are famous for their small
talk and this is a cultural trait that I
have truly honed I am constantly getting
into full conversations with complete
strangers anywhere and everywhere whether
it's the grocery store line an elevator
randomly on the sidewalk at a bar it
doesn't matter I'm going to be engaging
with strangers at some point during my
day and probably the most extreme
example that I can give you guys is when
we were in Vegas recently we rented a
slingshot to be able to drive to the
Grand Canyon and back and whenever we
got back into the city we were sitting
at a red light on the way to the rental
place and the woman in the car next to
us rolled down our window to ask us
about the slingshot and then she and I
just like went into a full-blown
conversation about the value of homemade
gifts that is like how random these
conversations are we were in a street in
vehicles still talking to each other
about a topic that I don't even know why
we were talking about that and after
that conversation ended Misha just like
looked at me and shook his head and
laughed and said but he always says
which is why do you keep making friends
with complete strangers because this is
like a normal daily occurrence for me
and it's so weird to him because in
Germany you just don't really do a lot
of small talk and so he doesn't
understand why I'm doing it and he
definitely doesn't understand why I love
it as much as I do
but it has been really fun for me to see
him engaging in some obligatory small
talk since he's been in the u.s. with me
and he just doesn't really like know how
to handle it so he always comes off
kind of awkwardly because he doesn't understand why
this stranger just suddenly decided to
strike up a conversation with him using
cards to pay for small purchases in my
video where I talk about Misha's weird
German habits I brought up the fact that
he uses cash to pay for anything and
everything no matter how much or how
little it costs because in Germany cash
is very much king there in fact there
are so many places in Germany that won't
even accept card they only take cash
because it is so much more highly
revered for many reasons that I'm not
gonna get into in this video but
Americans are very different in this
regard
much like the Swedes and the Dutch
Americans are more prone to use their
card for payments mine Americans might
even be on the more extreme end of the
scale with this because I see people
paying for like a $2 coffee with a
credit card or it's nothing for me to
pay for like an 85 cent bag of pretzels
with a card as long as the store doesn't
have like a minimum purchase requirement
like threshold I'm probably going to use
my card to pay for it more specifically
I'm going to use my Apple pay because it
takes literally 2.3 seconds for that
transaction to go through it's the
fastest way I can pay for something and
it is so super convenient when I just
have my Apple watch on and just put it
against the sensor and automatically
I've paid for what I want
Misha hates this because it is so
completely different from what he's used
to and what he's done in his entire life
and whenever we were living in Germany
my tendency to use card payments would
sometimes caus issues because the
place wouldn't take a card and I
wouldn't ever have cash on me because I
just never got used to the Cash is King
thing in Germany or the card machine
would take a really really long time for
the transaction I don't know why it is
so much longer for card payments in
Germany compared to the US but it is but
I love it because I hate carrying cash
especially coins so carrying the euro
coins was truly like an event for me I
also think that it's way faster like I
said although maybe that's just in the
US and not in Germany and then I
like that I can review my bank
statements and see every single purchase
that I've made because I'm able to see
exactly how much I paid for something
because I don't keep receipts I don't
know anybody that does that or maybe I
want to refer to like the exact date
that I purchased something and that's
there on my bank statement and it
actually helps me to assess whether or
not I'm staying on my budget plan
because I can look to see if I am paying
more than what I've allocated in a
specific category like entertainment or
food so I find a lot of value in having
all of my transactions recorded on my
bank statements and I know I'm opening
myself up to getting hundreds of very
very passionate comments telling me that
I'm very stupid for this or that
Americans don't have true freedom
because we're tied for our credit cards
and we don't use cash but I guess
Americans like many other countries
outside of Germany are just more
comfortable paying with card and trust
their banks more I am thinking about
doing an experiment though where I take
a week where I pay for everything as I
normally would and compare it to a week
where I use only cash to see if my
spending habits are influenced at all by
using just cash if that's something that
you guys would be interested in me
vlogging let me know in the comments I
think it could be a lot of fun or it
could be very boring so let me know my
road rage now I don't necessarily want
to use the term road rage because when I
hear road rage I think of like an overly
aggressive and very angry person just
going psycho on the roads and that does
not describe me I'm more of an irritable
driver who will occasionally do a
passive-aggressive maneuver out of
resentment for another driver I just
don't think there's a word in the
English lexicon to cover that exact
description maybe the specificity of the
German language lends itself to having
such a word and if you do know a word in
German for that please let me know in
the comments because then I will learn
something new and use that word probably
on a daily basis anyway I feel
this is like a really normal thing in
the u.s. unless I just happen to be
friends with the only Americans who do
this but it drives Misha crazy because he
just doesn't want to hear me narrate our
drive and explain why a guy just poorly
maneuvered through a four-way
intersection or tell a car that can't
hear me who's driving in the left lane
and not passing any cars to get over to
the right lane like it just it just
drives him crazy and I get that and I've
gotten a lot better but I do still have
some room to grow all right last one
thankfully because the Sun is coming for
me and it's gonna get really weird here
in a second but the last one is
frequently going out to eat now I looked
up some statistics on this before
sitting down to film this video and I
found that the average American will
spend more than half of their food
budget on restaurant meals and that this
is on the rise which to me is not
surprising at all now I grew up in a
family that rarely ever went out to eat
in fact my parents still don't ever go
out to eat unless they're traveling but
as soon as I left home and got my own
job I steered in the complete opposite
direction it's not that I don't like
cooking cuz I do like cooking fairly
enough but I hate grocery shopping it is
my least favorite chore or errand to run
I hate it and also by the time I'm done
with like a full day of work I don't
feel like cooking so I'm really
susceptible to giving in to ordering
some delivery or grabbing something on
my way home just so I can relax more
when I get home with moving to DC this
habit of mine has dramatically
worsened because DC is an extremely
social city that really thrives on
networking over drinks or a meal so now
I have a legitimate reason to abandon my
kitchen to go out to a fun restaurant
and really it just becomes a
give-and-take where I'm giving up some
monetary discipline in exchange for some
social reward or some potential
professional benefits but by default
Misha doesn't see like the benefit to me
going out to these types of events
instead he just sees me going to a
restaurant and
a lot of money on a meal that I could
have made at home for a fraction of the
cost so to him it's really weird
all right so while I was editing this
video I realized that there are two more
American habits that I have that drive
my boyfriend crazy that I want to share
with you guys cuz I just did them so for
number six I hyperbolize all the time
and I realize that I do that is I use
the most extreme version of what I'm
feeling so instead of saying I'm hungry
I'll say I'm starving instead of saying
I'm tired I'll say I'm exhausted even in
my youtube videos I'm always using words
like weird and crazy and I've realized that
how I mean those words and how I use
them as an American is not how non
Americans perceive those words weird is
just another way for me to say different
And Misha hates and I guess they shouldn't
use the word hate Misha doesn't like how
I hyperbolize all the time because it
really cuts down the range of what I'm
trying to say I totally get how this can
be harmful when communicating with
someone because if you're always using
the most extreme and exaggerated way to
express what you're feeling then it's
hard to tell what's important versus
what's not important so because of my
habit of hyperbolizing Misha tends to
call me his little drama queen because
everything sounds like an emergency
because I'm always exaggerating
everything in fact I think I just
hyperbolized like 18 different times in
the past minute just talking to you guys
now so you can see it's a pretty bad
habit and I probably should work on
fixing that and number seven the real
last have a I'll go over in this video
is always posting on social media I'm
sure it's not surprising to any of you
that someone who is willing to put
themselves out there on YouTube probably
posts on social media a lot I'm always
uploading photos on Facebook and
Instagram I post YouTube videos every
single week and I'm constantly trolling
the comments section of my videos
and Misha even asked me the other day how I can be so comfortable with
spontaneously posting on different
social media platforms because of how
frequently I do it
and I recognize that because I'm on
YouTube I might not be the best example
for which to base the average American's
use of social media so I'll put it to
you this way Misha has 250 friends on
Facebook and of those 250 friends about
10 are Americans whom he met through me
and those ten Americans post so much on
their Facebook pages that it completely
consumes
Misha's feed his German friends just
hardly ever post on Facebook and it's
not like there's a different social
media platform out there that Germans
prefer over Facebook they just don't put
themselves out there as much as
Americans do and I think it goes back to
this idea that Germans are often more
concerned about privacy than Americans
all right guys that's all I've got for
you today I hope that you enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up if you haven't
subscribed my channel yet make sure you
go ahead and hit that subscribe button
and the bells you get notified every
single time that I post a sweet sweet
new video and thank you so much to my
patrons for all of the support that
you've given me I appreciate it more
than I could ever say and I will catch
you guys next time bye! hey guys don't
forget to hit me up on instagram at
kelly does her thing and feel free to DM
me with any questions or comments you have